# SameFiight

 ## Overview 
In this project, we are going to build “SameFight”. SameFight is a simple card game with one dealer, 4 players, and a single deck of cards. The game is played such that players 1 and 3 are on the same team (the odd team) and players 2 and 4 are on the other team (the even team). The game is composed of two rounds. At the beginning of the first round, the dealer shuffles the cards, deals the first 4 cards (one to each player) and waits for the round to finish, before repeating the same process for the next round. The winning team in a round is the first team to hold two similar cards (e.g., two kings, two queens, two jacks or any two numbers of the same value). 
Initially, the dealer shuffles the deck of cards and hands each player a single card in a round robin fashion (say starting from player 1 for round 1). Once the dealer is done handling the cards, the dealer places the remaining deck of cards on the table and the first round begins. Each player (starting from player 1), draws a card from the deck and compares any of his/her two cards to the one held by his/her other team member. If he/she finds a similar card, the player shows the hand, declares their team as the winner and the round ends. Otherwise, the player will discard one of the cards at random by placing it at the end of the deck of cards and the next player proceeds. Once the first round ends, the dealer will shuffle the deck and hands a card to each player. In the second round, player 2 starts drawing a card from the deck.

## Implementation 
This project is to implemented in C using POSIX threads. 
The main function should create a thread for the dealer and 4 threads for the players. Notice that we want to keep the threads synchronized and to protect any shared objects. Also, when a team wins, they need to inform other players so they can exit. Each thread should print a message when it finishes (e.g., “Team 1 wins and exits”, “Player 2 exits”, etc. The main program takes a seed as an argument for the random number generation (which will be used in shuffling and in discarding cards ). 
